## Purpose

A NodeJS module that will perform some combination of the following tasks:

 - Fetch the chat history for a specified public Slack channel in your organization
 - Store the exported history in a `.json` file
 - Convert the `.json` file to an `.html` file that can be viewed in a web browser.

There are two usage options.

#### Export and Convert

This option retrieves the chat history for the specified channel using the Slack Web API, saves the chat history as a `.json` file, and converts the `.json` file to an `.html` file that is styled to visually resemble the Slack interface. This option is limited by the 10,000 message limit Slack imposes on free users; you will not be able to retrieve or archive messages older than your organization's most recent 10,000 messages if your organization is a free user.

#### Convert a Pre-Existing Slack Export

This option requires that one of your organization's Slack admins exports and downloads your organization's chat history from [Slack itself](https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/201658943-Export-data-and-message-history). Then, this module will convert the exported history of the channel you specify to readable, styled HTML. (Admins can download a full archive of their organization's chat history; this archive includes messages older than your organization's most recent 10,000 messages.)

## Usage Notes

 1. Make sure Node and npm are installed on your machine.
 2. Download the code in this repository and navigate to the root directory.
 3. Run `npm install`.
 4. Set the environment variable `SLACK_USER_TOKEN` by creating a `.env` file and defining your token there. This is the user token generated by Slack for your application; instructions for getting a user token can be found in the [Slack API documentation](https://api.slack.com/slack-apps).
 5. To export and convert a channel, run `node index.js export <channel_name>`, where `<channel_name>` is the name of the public channel the history of which you want to archive. If this is successful, you will find the `.json` file containing the channel's messages in the `export-json` directory and an `.html` file displaying the messages in the `export-html` directory. Repeat this step for every channel you want to export and convert.
 6. To convert a Slack archive, first download the archive from Slack and unzip it. Open the root folder and select all the folders and files it contains; move them to the `slackExport` directory within your local version of this repository. Then run `node index.js convert <channel_name>`. If this is successful, you will find the `.json` file containing the channel's messages in the `convert-json` directory and an `.html` file displaying the messages in the `convert-html` directory. Repeat this step for every channel you want to convert.
